|Топ 100|
Эхлэл 1:1| Эхэнд Бурхан тэнгэр газрыг бүтээжээ.
Эхлэл 1:2| Газар нь ямар ч хэлбэр дүрсгүй, эзгүй хоосон, гүний гадаргуу дээгүүр нь харанхуй бүрхэж, Бурханы Сүнс усны мандал дээгүүр элин хальж байлаа. 
Эхлэл 1:26| Тэгээд Бурхан “Бид Өөрсдийнхөө дүр төрхийн дагуу Өөрсөдтэйгөө адилхан хүнийг бүтээж, далайн загас, огторгуйн шувууд, мал адгуус, бүх газар дэлхий, газраар мөлхөгч бүгдийг тэдэнд захируулъя” хэмээн айлдав.
Эхлэл 1:27| Тэгээд Бурхан Өөрийнхөө дүр төрхөөр хүнийг бүтээж, Бурханы дүр төрхөөр эрэгтэй, эмэгтэй хүнийг бүтээв.
Иошуа 1:8| Хуулийн энэ номыг амнаасаа салгалгүй, харин түүн дотор бичигдсэн бүхнийг сахин биелүүлэхээр өдөр шөнөгүй түүнийг бясалгаж яв. Тэгвэл чи хөгжин дэвжиж, амжилтад хүрэх болно. 
Иошуа 1:9| Би чамд тушаагаагүй гэж үү? Тууштай бөгөөд зоригтой бай! Хаана явсан газарт чинь чиний Бурхан ЭЗЭН чамтай хамт байх учраас бүү чичирч айгтун гэв.
Дуулал 37:4| ЭЗЭНд баярлагтун. Тэр чамд зүрхний чинь хүслийг өгнө.
Дуулал 133:1| Харагтун, ах дүүсийн хувьд хамтдаа нэгдмэлээр амьдрах нь хичнээн сайхан, хичнээн тааламжтай вэ!
Дуулал 133:2| Энэ нь сахал дээгүүр, Аароны сахал дээгүүр доошоо урсан, хувцасных нь захаар доошоо урсаж буй толгой дээрх үнэ цэнэтэй тостой адил юм.
Дуулал 133:3| Энэ нь Сионы уулс дээр буудаг Хермоны шүүдэртэй адил юм. Учир нь тэнд ЭЗЭН ерөөлийг тушаасан бөгөөд тэр нь мөнхийн амь билээ.
Сургаалт үгс 3:5| Бүх зүрхээрээ ЭЗЭНд итгэ. Өөрийн ойлголтод бүү түшиглэ.
Сургаалт үгс 3:6| Өөрийн бүх замаараа Түүнийг таньж мэд. Тэр чиний замыг шулуун болгоно.
Исаиа 26:3| Танд итгэдэг учраас бодол санаагаар бат зогсогч хүнийг Та төгс амар тайван дотор хамгаална.
Исаиа 40:31| Харин ЭЗЭНд найдагчдын хүч нь шинэчлэгдэнэ. Тэд бүргэд мэт жигүүр дээрээ элин халина. Тэд гүйхдээ үл ядран, алхахдаа үл цуцна.
Исаиа 41:10| Би чамтай хамт байгаа тул бүү ай; Өөрийнхөө талаар бүү санаа зов; Учир нь Би чиний Бурхан; Би чамайг тэнхрүүлж, үнэхээр чамд тусална. Би заавал Өөрийн зөв баруун мутраар чамайг хамгаална.
Исаиа 53:4| Үнэхээр Тэр бидний өвчнийг Өөртөө тээж, бидний уй гашууг даав. Харин бид Түүнийг Бурханд яллагдаж, цохигдож, зовсон гэж бодов.
Исаиа 53:5| But he was pierced for our transgressions, he was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was upon him, and by his wounds we are healed.
Исаиа 53:6| We all, like sheep, have gone astray, each of us has turned to his own way; and the LORD has laid on him the iniquity of us all.
Исаиа 55:8| “For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways,” declares the LORD.
Иеремиа 29:11| For I know the plans I have for you,” declares the LORD, “plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.
Мика 6:8| He has showed you, O man, what is good. And what does the LORD require of you? To act justly and to love mercy and to walk humbly with your God.
Матай 5:16| In the same way, let your light shine before men, that they may see your good deeds and praise your Father in heaven.
Матай 6:33| But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.
Матай 11:28| Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest.
Матай 11:29| Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls.
Матай 11:30| For my yoke is easy and my burden is light.
Матай 22:37| Jesus replied: ”Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.”
Матай 28:18| Then Jesus came to them and said, “All authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me.
Матай 28:19| Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.
Матай 28:20| and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age.”
Иохан 1:1| In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
Иохан 1:12| Yet to all who received him, to those who believed in his name, he gave the right to become children of God—
Иохан 3:16| For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
Иохан 3:17| For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him.
Иохан 5:24| “I tell you the truth, whoever hears my word and believes him who sent me has eternal life and will not be condemned; he has crossed over from death to life.
Иохан 10:10| The thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy; I have come that they may have life, and have it to the full.
Иохан 11:25| Jesus said to her, “I am the resurrection and the life. He who believes in me will live, even though he dies;
Иохан 13:35| By this all men will know that you are my disciples, if you love one another.”
Иохан 14:6| Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.
Иохан 14:27| Peace I leave with you; my peace I give you. I do not give to you as the world gives. Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid.
Иохан 15:13| Greater love has no one than this, that he lay down his life for his friends.
Иохан 16:33| “I have told you these things, so that in me you may have peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world.”
Үйлс 1:8| But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes on you; and you will be my witnesses in Jerusalem, and in all Judea and Samaria, and to the ends of the earth.”
Үйлс 2:38| Peter replied, “Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins. And you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit.
Үйлс 4:12| Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to men by which we must be saved.”
Үйлс 17:11| Now the Bereans were of more noble character than the Thessalonians, for they received the message with great eagerness and examined the Scriptures every day to see if what Paul said was true.
Үйлс 18:9| One night the Lord spoke to Paul in a vision: Do not be afraid; keep on speaking, do not be silent.
Үйлс 18:10| For I am with you, and no one is going to attack and harm you, because I have many people in this city
Үйлс 18:11| So Paul stayed for a year and a half, teaching them the word of God.
Ром 3:23| for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God,
Ром 5:8| But God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
Ром 6:23| For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Ром 8:28| And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose.
Ром 8:38| For I am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers,
Ром 8:39| neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Ром 10:9| That if you confess with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.
Ром 10:17| Consequently, faith comes from hearing the message, and the message is heard through the word of Christ.
Ром 12:1| Therefore, I urge you, brothers, in view of God's mercy, to offer your bodies as living sacrifices, holy and pleasing to God—this is your spiritual act of worship.
Ром 12:2| Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will be able to test and approve what God's will is—his good, pleasing and perfect will.
Ром 15:13| May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit.
1 Коринт 6:19| Do you not know that your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit, who is in you, whom you have received from God? You are not your own;
1 Коринт 10:13| No temptation has seized you except what is common to man. And God is faithful; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear. But when you are tempted, he will also provide a way out so that you can stand up under it.
2 Коринт 5:17| Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; the old has gone, the new has come!
2 Коринт 5:21| God made him who had no sin to be sin for us, so that in him we might become the righteousness of God.
2 Коринт 12:9| But he said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.” Therefore I will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, so that Christ's power may rest on me.
Галат 2:20| I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me. The life I live in the body, I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me.
Галат 5:22| But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control. Against such things there is no law.
Ефес 2:8-9| For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith and this not from not by works, so that no one can boast.
Ефес 2:10| For we are God's workmanship, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do.
Ефес 3:20| Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within us,
Филиппой 1:6| being confident of this, that he who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus.
Филиппой 4:6| Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God.
Филиппой 4:7| And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.
Филиппой 4:8| Finally, brothers, whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable—if anything is excellent or praiseworthy—think about such things.
Филиппой 4:13| I can do everything through him who gives me strength.
yourselves, it is the gift of God—
Филиппой 4:19| And my God will meet all your needs according to his glorious riches in Christ Jesus.
Колоссай 3:12| Therefore, as God's chosen people, holy and dearly loved, clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience.
Колоссай 3:23| Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the Lord, not for men,
2 Тимот 1:7| For God did not give us a spirit of timidity, but a spirit of power, of love and of self-discipline.
2 Tимот 3:16| All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness,
Еврей 4:12| For the word of God is living and active. Sharper than any double-edged sword, it penetrates even to dividing soul and spirit, joints and marrow; it judges the thoughts and attitudes of the heart.
Еврей 4:15| For we do not have a high priest who is unable to sympathize with our weaknesses, but we have one who has been tempted in every way, just as we are—yet was without sin.
Еврей 4:16| Let us then approach the throne of grace with confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in our time of need.
Еврей 10:25| Let us not give up meeting together, as some are in the habit of doing, but let us encourage one another—and all the more as you see the Day approaching.
Еврей 11:1| Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see.
Еврей 11:6| And without faith it is impossible to please God, because anyone who comes to him must believe that he exists and that he rewards those who earnestly seek him.
Еврей 12:1| Therefore, since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of witnesses, let us throw off everything that hinders and the sin that so easily entangles, and let us run with perseverance the race marked out for us.
Еврей 12:2| Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, the author and perfecter of our faith, who for the joy set before him endured the cross, scorning its shame, and sat down at the right hand of the throne of God.
Еврей 13:5| Keep your lives free from the love of money and be content with what you have, because God has said, “Never will I leave you; never will I forsake you.”
Иаков 1:2| Consider it pure joy, my brothers, whenever you face trials of many kinds,
Иаков 1:3| because you know that the testing of your faith develops perseverance.
Иаков 1:12| Blessed is the man who perseveres under trial, because when he has stood the test, he will receive the crown of life that God has promised to those who love him.
Иаков 5:16| Therefore confess your sins to each other and pray for each other so that you may be healed. The prayer of a righteous man is powerful and effective.
1 Peter 2:24| He himself bore our sins in his body on the tree, so that we might die to sins and live for righteousness; by his wounds you have been healed.
1 Peter 3:15| But in your hearts set apart Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect,
1 Peter 5:7| Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you.
2 Peter 1:4| Through these he has given us his very great and precious promises, so that through them you may participate in the divine nature and escape the corruption in the world caused by evil desires.
1 Иохан 1:9| If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness.
1 Иохан 3:16| This is how we know what love is: Jesus Christ laid down his life for us. And we ought to lay down our lives for our brothers.
|Healing|
Proverbs 4:20-22｜My son, pay attention to what I say; listen closely to my words. Do not let them out of your sight, keep them within your heart; for they are life to those who find them and health to a man's whole body. 
Exodus 15:26| He said, "If you listen carefully to the voice of the LORD your God and do what is right in his eyes, if you pay attention to his commands and keep all his decrees, I will not bring on you any of the diseases I brought on the Egyptians, for I am the LORD, who heals you" 
Psalm 107:19-21| Then they cried to the LORD in their trouble, and he saved them from their distress. He sent forth his word and healed them; he rescued them from the grave. Let them give thanks to the LORD for his unfailing love and his wonderful deeds for men. 
Exodus 23:25| Worship the LORD your God, and his blessing will be on your food and water. I will take away sickness from among you, 
Psalm 30:2| O LORD my God, I called to you for help and you healed me. 
Исаиа 53:4| Surely he took up our infirmities and carried our sorrows, yet we considered him stricken by God, smitten by him, and afflicted. 
Исаиа 53:5| But he was pierced for our transgressions, he was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was upon him, and by his wounds we are healed. 
Psalm 103:2-4| Praise the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits--who forgives all your sins and heals all your diseases, who redeems your life from the pit and crowns you with love and compassion, 
Psalm 41:2-3| The LORD will protect him and preserve his life; he will bless him in the land and not surrender him to the desire of his foes. The LORD will sustain him on his sickbed and restore him from his bed of illness. 
Psalm 147:3| He heals the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds. 
Jeremiah 17:14| Heal me, O LORD, and I will be healed; save me and I will be saved, for you are the one I praise. 
Матай 9:35| Jesus went through all the towns and villages, teaching in their synagogues, preaching the good news of the kingdom and healing every disease and sickness. 
Mark 5:34| He said to her, "Daughter, your faith has healed you. Go in peace and be freed from your suffering" 
Revelation 21:4| He will wipe every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain, for the old order of things has passed away" 
Иаков 5:16| Therefore confess your sins to each other and pray for each other so that you may be healed. The prayer of a righteous man is powerful and effective. 
1 Peter 2:24| He himself bore our sins in his body on the tree, so that we might die to sins and live for righteousness; by his wounds you have been healed.
|FRCC Summer Conference Children 2014|
Joshua 1:8| Keep this Book of the Law always on you lips; meditate on it day and night, so that you may be careful to do everything written in it. Then you will be prosperous and successful.
Psalm 1:2-3| but whose delight is in the law of the LORD, and who meditates on his law day and night. That person is like a tree planted by streams of water, which yields its fruit in season and whose leaf does not wither—whatever they do prospers.
Psalm 119:15| I meditate on your precepts and consider your ways.
Psalm 119:48| I reach out for your commands, which I love, that I may meditate on your decrees.
Psalm 48:9|Within your temple, O God, we meditate on your unfailing love
